{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Utilize a combination of images and videos. \
** Maybe create a simple animation **\
\
Near Eye Light Field Displays\
\
\pard\tx20\tx380\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Floating UI \'97 Welcome to NE LF Display Museum \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \'93Welcome to the Near Eye Light Field Museum. Navigate between stations by clicking on the waypoints. Press the play button next to the displays to start the audio experience.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
2. Model \'97 Compress/Decompress spinning\
\
\'93This is a blueprint of a Near Eye Light Field Display from a collaboration between Standford and Nvidia. The proposed design addresses the vergence-accommodation conflict, resulting with reduced eye strain and fatigue and increased visual comfort.\
\
To understand this technology\'92s significance, we will be breaking down the exhibition into three parts: Vergence-Acommodation Conflict, Light Fields, and Light Field Stereoscope.\'94 \
\
3. Vergent-Acommodation Conflict \'97 Exhibition\
\
3a. What are Vergence Cues? Image\
\
\'93Imagine that each eye emits an imaginary ray, which we\'92ll call a visual axis. Vergence cues refers to the rotation action of the eyes such that these axes would intersect at some nearby or far away 3D object.\
\
Each eye sees a slightly different shift of an image, which is known as binocular disparity. The human brain utilizes these two images to extract additional visual information, such as depth.\'93\
\
3b. What are accommodation cues? Image\
\
\'93Each eye possess a lens that is actuated by the ciliary muscles, which varies the len\'92s refractive power, or the degree of light convergence or divergence. This provides the eye with the ability to focus and unfocus like a pair of binoculars. \
\
Accommodation cues refers to the eye\'92s ability to focus optically in order to minimize the amount of retinal blur at a fixed visual depth in a scene.\'94\
\
3c. What are vergence and acommodation \'97 Video\
\
\'93In summary, current head mounted displays create a vergence and accommodation cue mismatch, which induces various simulator sicknesses such as fatigue and nasuea. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 This mismatch can be seen in the last animation where the eyes are always focused or accommodated at a fixed distance to the screen, but the eyes can rotate or verge to any distanced object within a scene.\'94\
\
3d. How often does it happen? \'97 Depth Cues Video\
\
4. Light Field Stereoscope\
\
4a. Image \'97 Description of light field\
\
\'93Imagine a single ray of light. This light hits an object and reflects to some other direction, bouncing against other objects until it loses energy. \
\
A light field is a collection of light rays at any and all directions.\'94\
\
4b. Image \'97 What it means it can do\
\
\'93Imagine that we have a table with an apple and an orange placed right behind it. Capturing a light field of the scene allows different perspectives of the objects to be seen because we have a collection of all the light rays that are reflected.\
\
This is known commonly known as parallax, or the difference or change in the position or direction of an object from different vantage points. We can see this showcased in the photos shown below.\
\
4c. Image \'97 The Head Mount Display \'97 Arrow pointing to LCD panels\
\
\'93This designed dubbed by Dr. Gordon Wetzstein and his team as the \'91Light Field Stereoscope\'92 is similar to that of commercial head mount displays except with the addition of another LCD display. With some advanced computations and GPU rendering, this device allows for the creation of a light field within the head mounted display.\'94\
\
4d. Video \'97 How does it work?\
\
4e. Video \'97 Results of prototype\
\
4f. Model \'97 Spinning\
\
\'93Dr. Gordon Wetzstein and his team at Stanford have designed a novel method of significantly reducing or completely eliminating the impact from the vergence-accommodation conflict. In time, the joint collaboration between Stanford and Nvidia may produce a market ready display that is just as comfortable as viewing scenes in reality.\'94}